ARROW-11336: [C++][Doc] Improve Developing on Windows docs (#9855)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/cpp/windows.rst

   -DARROW_DEPENDENCY_SOURCE=SYSTEM ^
   -DARROW_PACKAGE_PREFIX=%CONDA_PREFIX%\Library

> To use the Visual Studio IDE with this conda environment activated, launch it by
> running the command:
> 
> .. code-block:: shell
> 
>    devenv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Visual Studio IDE with this conda environment activated, launch it by
running the command ``devenv`` in a shell with the development environment
initialized.
```

Author: Changed in 67324c11849e0aa02e0bfb22c630705acf67a562. I added the instruction to activate the development environment earlier in this section instead of putting it here.

> Note that these conda packages are only supported for release builds. If you
> intend to use ``-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=debug`` then you must build the packages
> from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that dependencies installed as conda packages are built in release mode and cannot link
with debug builds. If you intend to use ``-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=debug`` then you must build
the packages from source. ``-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=relwithdebinfo`` is also available, which
produces a build that can both be linked with release libraries and be debugged.
```

Author: Thanks! Changed in 67324c11849e0aa02e0bfb22c630705acf67a562

   from ``conda-forge``. You can examine the installed packages in your
   environment (and their origin) with ``conda list``

Using vcpkg for build dependencies
========================================

`vcpkg <https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg>`_ is an open source package manager

> manager from Microsoft. It hosts community-contributed ports of C and C++

Reviewer 2: "manager" is repeated here.

Author: Thanks! Fixed in 945642a8b6bc59c7b384ef17fefe2af76229de3e

their dependencies. Arrow includes a manifest file `cpp/vcpkg.json
<https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/master/cpp/vcpkg.json>`_ that specifies
which vcpkg packages are required to build the C++ library.

To use vcpkg for C++ build dependencies on Windows, first
`install <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/install-vcpkg>`_ and
`integrate <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/integrate-vcpkg>`_
vcpkg. Then change working directory in ``cmd.exe`` to the root directory
of Arrow and run the command:

.. code-block:: shell

   vcpkg install ^
     --triplet x64-windows ^
     --x-manifest-root cpp  ^
     --clean-after-build

On Windows, vcpkg builds dynamic link libraries by default. Use the triplet
``x64-windows-static`` to build static libraries. vcpkg downloads source 
packages and compiles them locally, so installing dependencies with vcpkg is
more time-consuming than with conda.

Then in your ``cmake`` command, to use dependencies installed by vcpkg, set:

.. code-block:: shell

   -DARROW_DEPENDENCY_SOURCE=VCPKG

You can optionally set other variables to override the default CMake
configurations for vcpkg, including:
   

> * ``-DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE``: sets the path to ``vcpkg.cmake``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``-DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE``: sets the path to a cmake toolchain file, defaults to
  a toolchain provided by vcpkg: ``vcpkg.cmake``
```

Author: Setting `-DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE` to anything but a path to `vcpkg.cmake` will break the build when using vcpkg, so I would prefer to keep this as is. The text above indicates that it's an optional setting that overrides the default (which is to automatically find `vcpkg.cmake`).

Author: Looking at this again, I think the phrasing I used here made it too easy to interpret the descriptions of these CMake configs outside the context of vcpkg. I improved the phrasing in 92e6f8ae05d82e1553944e25e0d0a6f24bce1859 to avoid this.

   cd cpp
   mkdir build
   cd build
   cmake .. -G "Visual Studio 14 2015" -A x64 ^
         -DARROW_BUILD_TESTS=ON
   cmake --build . --config Release

For newer versions of Visual Studio, specify the generator
``Visual Studio 15 2017`` or ``Visual Studio 16 2019``.

Building with Ninja and clcache
===============================

The `Ninja <https://ninja-build.org/>`_ build system offers better build
parallelization, and the optional `clcache
<https://github.com/frerich/clcache/>`_ compiler cache keeps track of
past compilations to avoid running them over and over again (in a way similar
to the Unix-specific ``ccache``).

Newer versions of Visual Studio include Ninja. To see if your Visual Studio

> includes Ninja, run the initialization command shown above (``vcvarsall.bat``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
includes Ninja, run the initialization command shown :ref:`above <dev-windows-initialize>`(``vcvarsall.bat``
```

and then add that label before the "System Setup" section above as `.. _dev-windows-initialize:`

(I think  linking back here would help)

Author: Thanks! Added in 9ad6bdeb1ef1e7ea1159ab3bb038daeeb78872c5

============

To build a Debug version of Arrow, you should have pre-installed a Debug

> version of Boost. It's recommended to configure ``cmake build`` with the

Reviewer 2: It's not `cmake build` that you are configuring, it's `cmake`.

Author: Fixed in 945642a8b6bc59c7b384ef17fefe2af76229de3e
